some 128 a song of a sense blessed is
some 128 a song of a sense blessed is everyone who fears the Lord who walks in
everyone who fears the Lord who walks in
everyone who fears the Lord who walks in his ways when you eat the labor of your
his ways when you eat the labor of your
his ways when you eat the labor of your hands you shall be happy and it shall be
hands you shall be happy and it shall be
hands you shall be happy and it shall be well with you your wife shall be like a
well with you your wife shall be like a
well with you your wife shall be like a fruitful vine in the very heart of your
fruitful vine in the very heart of your
fruitful vine in the very heart of your house your children like olive plants
house your children like olive plants
house your children like olive plants all around your table behold thus shall
all around your table behold thus shall
all around your table behold thus shall the man be blessed who fears the Lord
the man be blessed who fears the Lord
the man be blessed who fears the Lord the Lord bless you out of Zion and may
the Lord bless you out of Zion and may
the Lord bless you out of Zion and may you see the good of Jerusalem all the
you see the good of Jerusalem all the
you see the good of Jerusalem all the days of your life yes may you see your
days of your life yes may you see your
days of your life yes may you see your children's children peace be upon Israel
children's children peace be upon Israel
children's children peace be upon Israel [Music]